The dead guy
comes in here a lot.
He's gaining strength.
I felt two hands push me
into the stairs.
He's hanging out with his kid.
He scratch.
He goes under the bed,
pushing on the bed.
This is serial killer
mentality.
This is incredibly dangerous.
I don't like this.
And I just feel...fear.
My name is Amy Allan.
This is like Grand Central
Station for the dead.
I see dead people.
They have pain
that they suffered.
I speak to dead people.
She hates them, hates them.
And they speak to me.
But there's only one way to know
if my findings are real.
It's a demon.
It's Satan.
I rely on my partner.
I'm Steve Di Schiavi.
I'm a retired New York City
homicide detective.
What was the body count?
What happened?
And I know every person,
every house has secrets.
I don't know if it's
a demon or not,
but it sure as hell
looks like one.
It's my job to reveal them.
I feel like I'm crazy.
But Steve and I never speak...
We never communicate
during an investigation...
...until the very end.
I want to show you this.
...when we uncover
if it's safe for you to stay...
I just don't want anything
to happen to my mother.
Or time to get out.
You have to get out.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm up here
in Tonawanda, New York.
It's just outside of Buffalo.
I got a call from a woman
named Kerrie.
Now, she's had activity
in her house forever.
She's used to it, but a few
months ago all hell broke loose.
She says it's getting worse by
the day, and if we can't help,
someone's going
to get badly hurt.
Before Amy arrives, I look
for any leading information.
This home has a lot of family
photographs and furniture
that could influence
her findings,
so it's important that I cover
or remove them all.
When I'm done, the location will
be ready for tonight's walk.
I don't like this.
Immediately coming in here,
I'm getting, like, head pain...
This hurts.
...feeling extremely sad,
a lot of depression,
a lot of depression here.
It's, like, never-ending.
That makes me nervous.
So, Kerrie,
when we spoke on the phone,
it sounded to me like you're
at the end of your rope.
What's going on
in this house?
The activity is crazy.
As a mom, I should be able
to protect my children
and my granddaughter,
and I feel like I can't do that.
Okay.
Any information
about the house
that you might know,
any history?
We were told the previous owner
had passed away in the home.
Her name was Verna.
Interesting. Okay.
I'll look into that.
You've been here a while,
right?
Yes, since '98.
I remember you saying
that you've always
had activity, right?
Yes, yes.
It was small things,
like you would maybe
hear a little bit
of walking or something.
Well, what changed?
My daughter and granddaughter
moved back in
about 2 months ago,
and it's been unbearable.
It's every single day.
Now, who all lives
in the house with you?
- It is my husband, Tom.
- Okay.
That's myself,
our granddaughter, Bella,
and that's
our daughter, Kayli.
And how old is Bella now?
She's 31/2.
Okay.
I have a son, Keenan.
He actually lived here,
but he had to leave.
He couldn't take it anymore.
He left because of
the activity?
- Yes.
- Do me a favor.
Give me a list of what
is going on in the house.
We hear voices.
Things are moving, shadow
figures, physical attacks.
My health issues have been
getting worse.
Anything specific?
Well, I've always had epilepsy,
but since the last 4 years,
the seizures have been
getting out of control.
I assume you're seeing doctors
about your physical problems.
- Yes.
- So what are they telling you?
They're at their wit's end.
They don't know what's going on,
and I really do feel
like someone
or something
is trying to kill me
or seriously injury me slowly,
and then if I die, like,
then it's going to
move on to Bella.
Okay.
Shh.
There's an older dead woman
here who's pissed off.
She's very upset.
I think she might be causing
a lot of problems here.
There's a dead male here,
too.
He just reminds me of somebody
who would drive a truck.
I think that he comes out here
to, like, escape the chaos.
He was saying that this has
been going on for a while
and that it's been
getting worse.
Do you know if the living
have any experiences with him?
I think that they have
seen him.
I think that they're
catching him
out of the corner of their eye
when he's, you know,
walking out or walking back in.
Okay, so what's going on
in this room?
I was sitting here
on this love seat,
and I seen a reflection
in the china closet,
in the glass, of a man,
like a shadow figure.
Okay. Did you investigate?
Yes, I got up, and I went,
and no one was in the house.
And how often
does that happen?
I would say it's probably
happened at least
six times in a year.
Anything else?
The stairs are a big problem
here in the house.
I was coming up the staircase,
like from doing laundry,
and when I turned
to come up the stairs,
I felt, like, a rush
come up behind me,
and then I felt two hands push
me actually into the stairs.
Okay.
Did you get hurt?
No, I caught myself
on the stairs.
A lot of issues
with the stairs.
For a very long time,
they've been a problem.
Okay, imprint, residual,
I'm getting somebody, a female,
running down the stairs,
yelling and screaming,
"My God."
Trying to find somebody,
somebody who's down here
who's in trouble.
This residual's very...
tangible.
If the living are exposed
to this,
I think that they would feel
like kind of a pressure,
and that might cause them
to have accidents.
It's really bad.
Okay, so what's
going on up here?
One day, I was in Bella's room
rocking her to sleep,
and I felt this scratch.
So when this scratch occurred,
how'd it feel to you?
Like a burn.
After I had the scratch,
that's when I said, "That's it.
Bella's not sleeping
in here anymore."
As you can see, we have,
like, a little bed
over here for Bella.
I see that.
She sleeps with us now
just because the activity
has gotten so crazy.
This is not good.
Yeah.
Anything else?
I would have to say the worst
thing that's happened to me
is one night
we were laying in bed,
and the next thing I knew,
I was literally being held down.
I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't do anything.
All I kept thinking was,
"I'm going to die.
They're finally killing me.
Like, they're killing me,
and no one's
going to ever know."
The person here, they are,
like, paralyzed,
and they're panicked,
and they're freaking out.
The old lady is the one
doing this.
She does do stuff when she
gets frustrated and upset,
so this person's
had nightmares,
feeling like they're being
kind of stalked,
oftentimes scared.
So with all this crap
going on,
how the hell are you
sleeping at night?
I'm really not.
I have nightmares all the time.
So I know you're on medication
for your illnesses.-
Any of those medications
possibly causing hallucinations?
No, that's not a side effect
of the medicines that I'm on.
- Okay, so that's ruled out?
- Yes.
Anyone else experiencing
nightmares like you?
Bella actually has
night terrors,
like really bad,
bad night terrors,
and she will scream
her head off.
Amy may turn around
and tell you,
"Listen, this place
is too dangerous."
This is our house,
and we'll do whatever to stay.
The hallway is engulfed with
this thing, and it's all black.
I don't like this.
What the **** is this thing?
All I know is that this dark
entity is very negative
and very bad.
It's feeding off of energy,
which can wreck
the immune system.
You know, things like that
are already occurring,
and they could be susceptible
to all kinds of illnesses
which could, you know,
land somebody
in the hospital or worse.
So, Keenan, I understand
you moved out recently
because of
the paranormal activity.
Mostly because of it, yes.
Obviously,
if paranormal activity
had a reason for you moving out,
you must have had experiences.
Yes.
Okay, so let's talk about
a couple of them.
I mean, just always feeling
like I was being watched.
I never felt, like, at ease.
Like, I always had to look
over my shoulder.
Like, "What's behind me?"
What's that feel like
for you?
Like, you know, you're
walking down the street,
and people
are walking behind you.
You're like, "What's going
to happen right now?"
Okay, anything else?
Well, for example,
Monday night when I left here,
I went home
and just felt horrible,
just like I got ran over
by a truck,
just couldn't
really walk well.
I just -- drained.
When you were here that day,
how long were you here?
Three hours.
Just -- It was the worst
I've ever felt.
I felt like a 90-year-old man.
What do you think is going
on in this house?
I mean, what's your opinion?
I mean, there's definitely
some negative energy,
something just
that doesn't belong.
I don't like it
down here at all.
This room is just filled
with horrible, chaotic,
stagnant energy.
Like, you can't even breathe
in here.
Like, it's making me
physically sick.
Whoever's here in this room
is a sensitive.
I would think a woman was here,
but I'm getting a male
with this.
A male in this space,
a living male,
this person's hearing stuff
all the time, all the time.
Could be a physical medium.
They're freaking themselves out.
It's not good for them at all.
Kayli, you know,
Mom called us in,
and she's concerned
about your daughter, Bella.
Yeah. It's not a good way for
your child to have a childhood.
You know, Mom told me
about her experiences,
but I'm curious
about yours.
Have you had any?
Yeah, I've had multiple
experiences in the house.
I've seen shadow people.
I've seen apparitions
of people.
Now, anything specific
that stands out to you?
I actually seen one
that looked like my dad.
I was sleeping in one
of the downstairs rooms,
and I thought I heard
talking and the door open.
It looked like my dad standing
there, and he was talking to me,
and when I opened
my eyes completely,
there was nothing there,
and the door was shut.
Where was your father?
He was sleeping up here
in his room.
It was just scary,
awful feeling.
Anything else?
When I'm sleeping in my room,
I hear a lot of,
like,
knocking on my door,
and I will go to open it,
and nobody will be there.
Now, what kind of knocking
are we talking about?
Like, a hard knock
or just like a...
No. It would be kind of,
I guess,
you would say like a kid
would be knocking.
Okay, so are you thinking
maybe it's Bella?
I have thought that before,
and when I open the door,
nobody's there.
This dark, negative entity
is making a lot of noise here.
Can you describe the sounds
it's making in the hall?
Man.
It just sounded like chaos.
Taps on the walls, like,
knocking on the walls,
bangs against the walls,
like as if two people
were fighting in the hallway.
That's what it sounds like.
So, Kayli, when you're
talking to Bella,
does she explain to you
what the hell's going on?
She always talks about a little
boy that lives in her closet.
Okay.
I mean, do you think
she'd tell me what's going on?
She might.
We could try.
Bella, come here.
Come here, Belly.
- Hiya, honey.
- Can you say hi?
- Hi.
- Aw.
Bella, Mommy tells me you see
a little boy in the closet here.
Can you tell me
anything about him?
Just a kid.
Does he scare you, honey?
Yeah, because he scratch.
He scratch?
I don't want that
to scratch me.
Yeah, of course not.
We're going to try to get rid
of all the bad people here.
Is that okay?
Yeah.
So, Bella, do you mind
if I finish talking to Mommy?
Can you go with Grandma?
That okay?
Thank you, sweetheart.
Okay, go down.
Okay.
Okay, go to Nonni.
She's a very cute little girl.
Thank you.
She mentioned something
about getting scratched.
Yes.
Have you seen that?
We actually have a photo of it
as well.
- Do you have it with you?
- Yes, I do.
Here it is.
So it sounds like what Bella
is describing to you
has got to be
eating you up inside.
Yeah.
It scares me.
It's like you're stuck
in a horror movie,
but you don't know the ending.
Okay.
Unh-unh.
No, I don't like this.
I see a little boy in here,
like full-on,
probably like 5 years old.
I don't think it's a real child,
so I think it's part of this
negative entity that's here.
What is he doing?
I think he's hanging out
with this kid.
He goes under the bed,
pushing on the bed...
...talking, constantly talking.
See, the talking is bad.
He's causing the dreams,
and it's bad.
Like, that I'm getting.
It's not good.
I don't like this.
My stomach doesn't feel good
about this.
Is this dangerous for them?
Psychologically, it's damaging.
It's feeding off of whoever
is in this room.
It's gaining strength,
and ultimately it could lead
to illnesses.
I don't like that.
Kerrie told me the previous
owner died in the house.
Now, clients usually get
this kind of stuff wrong,
but in this case,
it checked out.
I managed to track down two
of the deceased owner's kids.
They grew up in Kerrie's house
and say two other family
members died there, too.
Thanks for meeting me.
It's not often I get to meet
previous homeowners
of my client's house.
So how has it been since
either one of you were here?
Since 1998.
Did you guys grow up here?
Yeah, we did.
My mom and dad bought the house
I think around 1952.
This is a photo of the house
taken in 1960.
I hate to bring up sadness
in your family,
but I understand
your mother actually died here.
Yes.
Mom passed
in January of '98.
Our mother's name
was Verna Weissenburg.
- Well, how old was she?
- 79.
And what was she like?
She was quiet, loved to bake,
made a lot of cookies.
This is a photo of our
mom and dad.
When Dad died,
she wanted to be here alone.
Dad passed in 1997...
Okay.
...in February.
She called me a number
of times after Dad had died,
and she said, "How do you live,
you know, without your spouse?"
That was the worst.
She never really got over
Dad's death.
I'm seeing that old
dead lady again.
This woman, to me,
seems very --
She's very newly dead,
within the last 20 years.
And she's got curly gray hair.
I'd say probably in her
early 70s.
The gray-haired lady
had attachments directly
to this house.
With her, I'm getting the '90s.
Now, you guys mentioned
on the phone that there was --
You knew of, like, two other
people that died in the house.
Who was the first one?
It was Ida Driscoll.
She was our maternal
grandmother.
She died in 1938.
Here's a photo of her
and our mother, Verna.
Ida passed before
both of us were born.
We don't know the cause
of death.
Okay, so that was
the first one.
Who was the second one
that passed?
Our grandfather,
Henry Driscoll.
Here's a photo of him
when he was a young man.
What kind of a man was he?
He was little, hardworking.
He worked at Spaulding Fibre.
He was really a kind
and gentle man.
He was a good guy.
How old was he when he passed?
81.
He died in 1952 in this
back bedroom back here.
This is an obituary of Henry.
This may sound weird,
but I got to ask.
During the time that you guys
were living here,
did anything strange
or unusual happen
that you couldn't explain?
When I was a kid, I used to
have some bad nightmares.
What were they like?
My arms were just --
They felt like lead weights.
- And you couldn't pick them up?
- No, not really.
Strange.
Okay.
There's another
recent death here.
I think it's the trucker guy
from outside.
I know he lived here
at some point.
I can say, like,
either the person
was dying or dead in this area
because I feel that,
and I feel nauseous.
See, the dead guy
comes in here a lot.
Do you know if the living
have any experiences with him?
Maybe they'd see a man,
seeing him out of the corner
of their eyes.
I didn't get any information
on that from him.
Why is it you're having
such a hard time
getting information from him?
The nasty thing upstairs
took his voice.
Now, I just got a call back
from a genealogist
who says
he did some digging.
Turns out, a former owner
of Kerrie's property
lived a tragic life
and died a painful death.
You had mentioned on the phone
this guy, Williams,
had a pretty terrible life.
Before we even get to that,
what do you know about this guy?
William Williams was born
in Massachusetts...
Okay.
...in 1786.
He served as a colonel
in the War of 1812.
His business
was book publishing,
and he was very active
in his church.
He was the superintendent
of the Sunday school.
So what went wrong?
What happened?
He met and married
Sophia Wells in 1811.
14 children were born
to that union.
Unfortunately, only seven
survived to adulthood.
- Seven?
- And it gets worse.
During the birth of
the 14th child, Sophia died
as well, at age 40.
All right.
So in about 20 years, this guy
lost seven kids and his wife?
That's pretty tragic.
What happens to him after that?
He married
the spinster daughter
of one of his
business associates.
His name was Henry Huntington.
- Okay.
- Her name was Catherine,
and so they were
married in 1833.
In 1834, his publishing
business fails.
He's forced to sell off
his business to pay his debtors.
His father-in-law,
he steps in and says,
"Well, let's help out here."
In 1836, Henry Huntington
bought your client's property.
Okay, so Williams lived
on the land,
but his father-in-law
owned it?
- Yes.
- Do things get better for him?
Actually, they got worse.
Shortly after they moved
onto the property,
Henry Huntington,
his father-in-law,
had him removed,
so he became homeless.
So basically his father-in-law
kicks him off the property.
Yeah.
Does his wife stay
with him through this?
No. His wife, Catherine,
moved back to Rome
to take care of her father.
What happens to him after that?
In 1841, he buys a stagecoach
ticket to be with his wife,
and on the way,
the stagecoach tips over.
He lands on his head,
and he suffers a brain injury,
and his mental abilities
were not what they used to be.
This guy's got
a black cloud on him.
That's right.
He becomes a recluse
for the rest of his life.
I've got an obituary here.
He died in Utica,
63 years old,
in 1850,
apparently penniless and alone.
I just saw something
really weird.
It was a male
who'd been skinned.
He didn't have any flesh on his
back, and I'm getting neck pain.
I think this guy brought
the negative entity here.
I felt like it followed this
person from another house.
This guy used to have
really strong ties
to the church and youth.
Something went wrong over, like,
a deal with the business
that used to be here.
Do you have any idea
how this guy died?
I'm getting that neck pain,
that lower head and neck pain.
A fall could cause that,
could cause that kind of damage.
And it ****
hurts like a ****.
My God.
For more information
about the show,
and if you need us
to investigate
unexplained activity
in your home...
Please visit
travelchannel.com/thedeadfiles.
Click on "Help me, Dead Files!"
to submit your story,
and we'll help if we can.
So far, I've got a woman
scared to death
about the safety
of her family
in a house where at least
three people have died,
but I want to see
if there's anything else.
Searching through old records,
I find the murder
of a little girl
that took place
in the 1890s.
Turns out, it happened right
in my client's neighborhood.
So I'm heading over to meet
this local journalist
who knows all
about this case.
Now, he says this story
has a lot of twists and turns
and that locals were stunned
when they found out
who actually killed
this poor girl.
Well, Jeff, I appreciate you
helping me out with this case.
So walk me through
this crazy murder.
On July 8, 1892, there was
a young 2-year-old girl.
Her name was Lowena Stermer,
and she was playing
in the neighborhood,
and when she came home,
her mother looked at her,
and she's deathly pale.
She's got black circles
around her eyes.
Her mother brought in
a doctor,
and the doctor thought,
"This is probably cholera,"
but unfortunately,
by 10 p.m. that night,
Lowena Stermer is dead.
We know Lowena was murdered.
So how'd they figure that out?
Because 5 days later,
three other kids
in the neighborhood
got sick as well,
through similar symptoms,
but they all survived their
ailments after some vomiting.
How did they eventually
make a collar on this?
When the kids were asked
what was going on,
they talk about having been
given a cocoa drink
by another neighborhood girl,
a 14-year-old
named Ella Holdridge.
Ella was questioned,
and eventually she did confess
to mixing rat poison into drinks
and giving it to these kids.
You're kidding?
Any idea what the motive was?
Ella was fascinated with death,
the macabre.
She loved coffins.
She loved corpses, and she
wanted to see a pretty corpse,
and I have an article here
that shows you that
while the 2-year-old
was sick,
Ella would sneak out
of her house
and go look in
the neighbor's window.
She came back home and told
her stepmother gleefully,
"It looks like
she's going to die."
This is some, you know,
serial killer type mentality
in a 14-year-old girl.
Yeah, and this all happened
a few hundred yards
from the property
you're investigating.
So what happens to
this psychopath?
She was actually taken
to a reformery
right outside of Buffalo,
but ultimately
she was never prosecuted.
All right, so basically,
she commits murder.
She doesn't get convicted
of anything,
I guess because of the age,
and she winds up living
a normal life after that?
Yeah.
Something went wrong.
It does have to do
with the neighborhood.
People were yelling
and panicking...
...screaming,
"Help me! Help me!"
Screaming, yelling, crying,
and there is something
with a hospital.
I'm seeing three babies
that were dead.
It's really bad.
I saw several disturbing
things during my walk,
but the dead little boy
tormenting
a living girl upstairs
had me the most concerned.
She's lying on the bed,
and he is lifting this bed,
freaking out the little girl.
Yeah, maybe do the bed bigger.
Okay.
Across from the bed is, like,
this unnatural blackness.
The little boy under the bed,
he's part of it.
Amy, is this what you saw?
Yes.
Now that Amy and I have
completed our investigations,
we're ready to reveal
our findings to each other
and our clients
for the first time.
So, Amy, this is Kerrie,
and this is her daughter, Kayli.
Now, a few months ago,
Kayli here moved in
with her
3- year-old daughter, Bella.
Basically, Bella is the reason
that we're here.
Since they came back,
activity has been violent,
and these two don't think
it's safe for anyone to be here.
So now that Amy knows
who you guys are,
I'll ask her to describe
her walk for us.
When I went down
into the basement,
there was an overwhelming
amount of energy,
and it just got
progressively more intense
as I went into the bedroom.
And the energy
I was picking up
was coming from
a living person
that is down there.
I felt that that individual
is a physical medium.
First I got that
this was a female,
and then I was
leaning towards a male.
Amy, there's something you
ought to know about that room.
Up until a few months ago,
Kerrie's son,
Keenan,
was living down there.
Now, he told me while he was
there, he felt drained
and like he had been
hit by a truck.
Yeah.
It got so bad
he actually moved out.
That makes sense.
So you said you couldn't tell
if it was a male or a female,
but Kayli lives down there now.
Okay.
And she's having a bunch
of experiences.
Could one of them
be a medium, or both?
It would be likely that
you are both sensitives.
- I'm not surprised.
- Okay.
We see people, like,
all the time
and feel people all the time.
It's overwhelming.
So what else?
Coming around
to the front stairs,
I got hit with this intense
residual event that took place.
I saw a female rushing down
the stairs,
and she was freaking out.
People would feel it,
the rushing or feeling
like a slight pushing.
Tell Amy about you getting
pushed into the stairs.
As I turned to walk up
the stairs,
I could feel this rush.
And I literally, like,
fell into the stairs.
Okay.
I see what's
going on here now.
The next person I want
to talk to you about
is a dead male
that I encountered.
I kept calling him the trucker
because that's what
he reminded me off.
He seemed to be in his 40s,
and he was indicating to me that
he lived here at some point.
I think he either died here, or
he began his dying process here.
He can go everywhere,
but he enjoys being
in this bedroom down here.
You may perceive it
as more of like
a dark figure versus a male.
Um...
when I sit on the couch,
I can see into the reflection
of the china closet.
I can see just there's
a shadow fig--
Gotcha.
Like a man, and he stands,
like, in front of the kitchen.
I have a pretty good idea
of who you might have seen.
So the guy I'm thinking of
is named Henry Driscoll.
Now, he's the guy that built
this house back in 1916,
and at the time he built
the house, he was 45.
I got a photo of him
when he was young.
This is Henry.
So I spoke to the grandkids,
and they said he was
a real blue-collar guy.
He actually worked his whole
career in a factory in town.
He had lived in this house
for over 35 years.
Now, we don't know what
the exact cause of death was,
but we know he was bedridden
here in his final years.
So Henry wound up dying in 1952
right in that back bedroom.
Okay, that makes sense.
Is there anything else?
I did encounter
an old woman.
She looked to me to be
in her 70s.
She has glasses.
She has gray hair.
She lived here in the 1990s.
Okay.
So -- And I'm pretty sure she
died within the last 20 years,
and I got a stroke
or a heart attack.
I'm pretty sure I know
who you saw.
I'm guessing Kerrie does,
as well.
The previous owner of this house
was a woman named
Verna Weissenburg.
Now, Verna was
Henry Driscoll's daughter.
She was born in this house,
and she died in this house.
Now, you said the woman
lived here in the '90s.
Verna died over here
in the kitchen in 1998.
Said she was in her 70s.
Verna was 79 when
she died in this house.
One of the kids gave me
a photo of Verna.
This is her right here.
Do you think this is
who you saw?
I think it's her.
So her thing is, is that
she gets irritated
with the living people here.
She is in the big bedroom
upstairs
pretty much
all the time.
- That's Kerrie's room.
- Okay.
She does stare
at the living,
and she does it intently.
And she did show me
her...holding...
I guess you down
in the bed up there.
So the one night I was laying,
and I woke up, and I, like,
felt being, like, watched,
and I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't yell.
I couldn't do anything,
and all I kept thinking was,
"My God.
Like, the house is finally --
It's going to kill me."
So this is all Verna
holding her down.
The feeling
of being watched...
- Yes.
- ...is all Verna?
Yes.
But she's not what
I'm concerned about.
I'm worried about the entity
that I saw
in the upstairs hallway.
This is just a mass
of negative energy.
Like, there's no real shape
to it.
It's just this blackness.
I think a previous owner
brought it here.
It's powerful.
It does on occasion
make a lot of noise.
I'm looking out at the hallway,
and all I'm hearing is, like,
yelling, screaming,
knocking sounds, commotion.
I hear knocking on
my bedroom door.
You hear knocking all around
the house,
banging all around the house.
It can take your energy,
which then can break down
your immune system.
Your immune system goes.
You start getting sick.
You start getting
seriously sick.
Your health has been declining,
Kerrie, right?
Yes.
I have epilepsy
since I've been 6,
but over the past 4 years,
like, it's gotten worse,
and the doctors are just...
like, don't even know
what to do.
Also, what this thing can do
is borrow forms,
and it can appear good,
bad, ugly.
Remember you thought
you saw your father?
- Yes.
- Tell Amy what happened.
I was sleeping in this back room
over here.
I heard the door open, and it
sounded like he was talking.
I opened my eyes.
It looked like him.
Closed my eyes, opened my eyes
back up, he wasn't there.
Door was shut.
Nobody was there.
So this darkness thing
borrowed Tom's likeness?
Yes.
Did this thing appear to you
in any other way?
I went into
the middle bedroom.
Bella's room.
I was in the closet,
and I saw this little boy.
Kayli, you tell Amy
about the little boy Bella sees.
- So she does see a little boy?
- Yeah.
She says that he lives
in her closet,
and she says that he lives
next to her bed.
She gets hit in the face.
She's been scratched.
She's been punched
in the stomach.
- So I actually have a photo.
- This is a scratch she got.
I saw him
going under the bed.
He goes under the bed,
pushing on the bed...
...talking,
constantly talking.
See, the talking is bad.
What I was seeing was that
this little dead child
was causing the living child
horrible nightmares.
She was having nightmares
so bad
that she sleeps
in Kerrie's room now.
I did have a sketch done
of what I saw.
Annoying little ****,
right?
I mean, she's a baby.
That's what she describes.
She's been going through
a lot, that kid.
She said the only time
that he ever leaves her alone
is when she tries
to close her eyes,
but clearly he's not
leaving her alone.
She is, like, a little,
tiny supernova of energy,
and this thing
is attracted to that
because it can feed off
of that energy.
This is like an extremely
detrimental situation for her,
not only physically
but mentally.
This is incredibly dangerous.
So, Kerrie, Kayli, you both got
a lot of information tonight
and probably a hell of a lot
more than you bargained for,
but now you know
who's terrorizing Bella
and destroying your health.
But we still haven't answered
your biggest question --
Is there anything
you can do to fix this?
For that answer, I'm going to
turn it over to Amy.
This negative energy
that is attached to Bella
needs to be removed,
so I'd like you to find
a Reiki master
who is also a psychic,
and I want Bella to go
and have any and all cords
from this negative energy
removed.
The next step is for the same
Reiki master psychic
to come to the house and collect
all of the negative energy
that's in this house
from every nook and cranny.
Once this thing's
out of the house,
you'll notice
a big difference.
Now, will this get rid
of all the dead people here?
Yes.
And once the Reiki master
has completed their session,
Bella can easily come back.
The other thing I would like
you guys to do
is a specific grounding
meditation one time per week.
It temporarily shuts you down.
Now, by doing this,
the dead are going to see
a sign going up
that says, "Closed."
Okay?
And they're going to leave.
I mean, are you going to do
what Amy tells you?
100 percent.
Yeah.
Definitely.
If it means Bella being safe,
we would do whatever it took.
I really hope Kerrie and Kayli
follow all of my advice.
If they do, they'll be able
to live in their house in peace,
and most importantly, Bella will
have a normal childhood.
Hi, guys. I wanted to give you
a quick update and let you know
how things were going
here at the house.
Claire came by yesterday,
and she cleansed the house
of all the negativity,
and everyone slept great.
We all slept through the night.
There were no nightmares
or anything.
Bella feels great sleeping
in her room by herself,
so it's wonderful, so thank you
so much for all of your help.
We are so appreciative.
Thank you so much.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org